Update STYLE_GUIDE with details on Documentation (#1183)
mosaicml/composer: STYLE_GUIDE.md

```

# 6. Documentation

## 6.1 Docstrings

Composer uses [Google Style Docstrings](https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/example_google.html).
All public APIs require documentation.

### 6.1.1 What to include in Docstrings?

> Docstrings, at a minimum, should include a summary of what the function or class does, along with the arguments it takes. See [below](https://github.com/mosaicml/composer/blob/dev/STYLE_GUIDE.md#7-documentation) for how to format docstrings. The [Google Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html) also includes some guidelines on how to write docstrings.

Reviewer: Double-check the link; I might be off

```suggestion
Docstrings, at a minimum, should include a summary of what the function or class does, along with the arguments it takes. See [below](#6.1.2-Formatting-Docstrings) for how to format docstrings. The [Google Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html) also includes some guidelines on how to write docstrings.
```

In one terminal, run:

<!--pytest-codeblocks:skip-->
```bash
source path/to/composer_venv/bin/activate  # activate your composer virtual env
cd composer/docs  # cd to the docs folder insde your composer clone
make clean
rm -rf source/api_reference  # make clean doesn't remove this folder
make html
```

In a second terminal, run:

<!--pytest-codeblocks:skip-->
```bash
cd composer/docs
python3 -m http.server --directory _build/html/
```

Then, navigate to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) in your browser.

## 6.2 Doctests

Most docstrings should also include a `.. doctest` or `.. testcode` example to clearly illustrate how one would interact with the class or function. As part of the CI/CD process, all `.. doctest` blocks are executed to ensure the example in the documentation actually works.

### 6.2.1 Writing Doctests

See the [Sphinx Doctest Extension](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/doctest.html) for all of the available directives. Do not use `.. code-block::` for Python examples, as they are untested.

> Any test fixtures for doctests should go in [docs/source/doctest_fixtures.py](docs/source//doctest_fixtures.py) or in a `.. testsetup::` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any test fixtures for doctests should go in [docs/source/doctest_fixtures.py](docs/source/doctest_fixtures.py) or in a `.. testsetup::` block.
```

For example:
```python
import torch
from typing import Optional

def my_function(x: Optional[torch.Tensor]) -> torch.Tensor:
    """blah function

    Args:
        input (torch.Tensor): Your guess.

    Returns:
        torch.Tensor: How good your input is.

    Raises:
        ValueError: If your input is negative.

    Example:
        .. testsetup::

            # optional setup section, not shown in docs
            import torch
            x = torch.randn(42)

        .. testcode::

            # shown in docs; runs after testsetup
            my_function(x)
    """
    ...
```

> All doctests load the `docs/source/doctest_fixtures.py` file *before* tests run. If there are any variables that would be helpful have defined for all tests, feel free to add them into this file. However, if a variable is more specific to an individual doctest, then it would be best to include it in a `.. testsetup::` block, as not to pollute the global fixture namespace. (Unlike pytest fixtures, all doctest fixtures are given to every doctest; they cannot be specifically requested)

Reviewer: Can this be a (relative) link to the file?
